Woken to this challenge section of the course in this section we will go through a number of challenges
which will test your knowledge of Q Well based on everything we've learned so far throughout the course
so this includes joins such queries and functions.
So these challenges are slightly different to the exercises in the previous sections as they are more
open questions in the exercises I was asking you to select certain columns from certain tables whereas
these challenges will be more realistic to what you will face in the real world.
So the first challenge is a fairly simple challenge just to give you an idea of the sort of questions
you will face in this challenge section.
But then they get more and more challenging as we go through.
So let's get started in the next video.